I'm sorry about that Muqiu sister.
I mean you go to work after dinner?
I am not thirsty
I have something else to do
I'm leaving first
son
Hey, why are you so stupid?
Such a good opportunity to let him run away?
Mu Xiu is a good woman
I'm a kid who just got out of prison
What can you give him?
Oh mom
I read the book first
Let's eat.
OK
Wan Wan, why did you take out the marriage certificate in the first place?
Hey, what's the use of taking it out?
Didn't he still not like it?
What do you mean?
You mean he also rejected you?
Well, sort of.
How unreasonable
No, why would he want me to say that?
You should have returned the marriage certificate too
As for his courtroom
If you don't see me, you can't return it.
What are you in a hurry?
You shut up
What are you doing here?
Miss, here's your marriage contract
Prompting marriage with me?